Hey, Young Master Sun
Can I bring you something to eat?
Thank you, Mr. Sun
Don't drink alcohol
Yo
Wake up hey
See when you can pick
Heart and eye preparation
You will be punished
I beat you for two years, why haven't I gotten my comeuppance yet?
Since you don't want to marry me
Why did you let me in in the first place?
If it weren't for your immortal grandma having a crush on my grandma
Hey Tang Wu
Don't say I didn't give you a chance
Wait until I cheat your mother of all her money
I can let you go.
After all, have we had a two-year relationship as husband and wife?
Right?
Mr. Song, please let me go, okay?
What do you think?
Blame your mother for being so rich
Gee, I don't want that either.
But after all
I beat you for two years
If your mother knew about this, he wouldn't let me go
Be timid later
I have to cheat your mother into bankruptcy
This way I have no worries, hahaha.
Really confident